---
title: "Gameing??"
date: 2025-11-28
author: Otudas
tags: ['pc games', 'musings']
---

# Gameing??

Been in a bit of a slump where I just am not excited to play any particular game lately. Did anotehr Stardew run with a bunch of mods to see new stories, but board with it after year 2.

I find I have a desire to write some software, but I don't know what to write. I have been putsing with a local AI assistant, but it is more for novelty than any real purpose. 

That's the problem I need a purpose behind something I make. This blog, for instance, I decided it is a good way to express thoughts, mainly for me, so it was fun to create. Granted it didn't take long, especially with Copilot helping with the mundane building and syntax.

I have thought about trying my hand at making a game, but frankly I don't have a lot of desire to. I like being in the story, not building the story, at least from a game perspective. I have no giant story I want to share with the world either.

I love exploring and finding new and interesting stories or things. I should probably explore more IRL to be honest, but it is easy being a potato, lol.

Getting back to purpose, I find that to be such a driving force in what I do, or don't do. I truly believe purpose is what you make for yourself, but that also means you can feel lost without something to aim towards. But when you have that thing to move towards it is an enjoyable journey. I have curiosity, but not like a tinkering curiosity it seems. Which makes it hard to get into just writing things, or building electronics, or other hobbies.

I love learning though as well. Especially science, but not exclusively. Thoughtful conversations or literature, even if published papers, as it makes you think. Pursuit of knowledge could be a driven purpose, but it has no creation aspect, which for me, is important.

I should do I whole entry on purpose.

Anyway, toodles.
